# restaurant_db

1. Restaurant Database
2. Group 13
3. Jasmine Liu, Trisha Chittu, Ehsen Ahmad (Jose Annunziato CS3200 Section 04)
4. Many newcomers to the Northeastern campus are unaware of what restaurants are nearby. We wanted to address this issue by organizing local restaurants and their menus so that people can easily find food that they want to eat. We also provide a way to keep track of the menu items which customers have ordered from these restaurants. We implemented a database that allows users to view different restaurants, important details about these restaurants, and their menu items. Users can easily place orders to these restaurants, which can include special instructions directed towards the kitchen staff.
5. Link to UML class diagram: https://github.com/jasmineliu0114/restaurant_db/blob/main/db_design_final_project_UML.pdf
6. The typical user for our database would be customers of the local restaurants around Northeastern. The target demographic of our solution consists of Northeastern students, but also extends to those in the Greater Boston area. In our database, customers would provide their first name, last name, a username, password, email address, and their date of birth. 
7. Our Restaurant domain object represents the restaurants around the Northeastern campus. These Restaurant domain objects include the name of the restaurant, the cuisine, the time the restaurant opens, and the time it closes. Our Menu Item domain object represents the different menu items that a restaurant serves and that a customer can order. These Menu Item objects store information regarding their name, description, price, and corresponding restaurant.
8. Customers have a many to many relationship with Menu Items which represents the different dishes which customers have ordered from the restaurant. This relationship has been reified with the Orders class, which represents when a customer orders a particular menu item. With each order, it keeps track of the order time, and customers can specify special instructions.
9. Restaurants have a one to many relationship with its menu items, which represents the many different dishes that customers can order from one restaurant. Menu items, however, only correspond to a singular restaurant.
10. Within the Restaurant table we have an enumeration to represent the cuisine of the restaurant. The different cuisines include Mexican, Indian, Chinese, Greek, and Italian. This would be useful to the user when viewing information about a restaurant and determining if they want to order food relevant to that cuisine.
11. Our user interface is capable of displaying all consumer and domain objects. These objects can be created, updated, and deleted within the edit screens. For each restaurant object, it is linked to the list of menu items for that restaurant. For each menu item, there will be a link to its corresponding restaurant, as well as a link to all the orders that have been placed for that menu item. Likewise, each customer will link to a list of all of the orders that they have placed. Lastly, each order will link to the corresponding customer who placed the order and menu item that was ordered.
